Of course you could also say that Dagens is greater than two.
Let's say then we were to.
We want to reject this promise and return reject it and only in the average case do we want to continue
here with our time like this.
And in order to handle all of this I'll add a way to handle rejections.
I'll use the catch method which catches any errors.
And here are all simply again.
Log out my error or the error I might have purchased indenting this.
What do you think we'll now see if I had run.
We still get to because of all I'm checking if seconds is greater than 2 which is never reached.
But if I pass free here as an initial value what do I now think will get.
I get rejected immediately so does catch block now comes in and catchiest is rechecked Meacher rejection
here because seconds is too big.
I could also pass one which initially is not too small.
It run and notice would work because seconds is no never bigger than 2.
However if any of you for example.
Now I hate run
you see it takes a little time one second to be precise.
But then we get to check that because the first time we reached this clock seconds he was so it's not
bigger than 2.
So we get two or time out but now we incremented.
Now it's free and we pass free which is the value we pass into the promise in this then Plock here.
And so then we actually check the promise we reached at this catch block so this not only shows how
to change your promise calls but also it shows you that the catch block at the end will always get executed
once the promise is checked that at any point of time no matter if the then blocks in front of it have
been worked for successfully or not.
That's the reason we have this catch method to come in and catch any errors right away no matter when
they happen.